Requirements:
A "start screen"
  -Background image
  -Title
  -Start button
Start button that falls when clicked
Start button breaks into pieces
Pieces are hidden behind 4 puzzles
Pieces can be collected and re-assembled to win
Character in background image uses text box to guide the player
Puzzles:
  Sliding Puzzle:
    -4x4 grid with 15 pieces and 1 empty space
    -Only tiles adjacent to empty space slide when clicked
  Memory Puzzle:
    -4x4 arrangement of tiles with 8 matching pairs of icons on the hidden side
    -randomized arrangement
    -Reveal 2 cards at a time, they stay revealed if they match; otherwise, they are re-hidden
  Maze Puzzle:
    -Piece can be clicked on to drag it through the maze
    -Piece resets to starting position if it touches sides of the maze
  Guessing Game:
    -Dice are rolled and the result is shown to the player
    -Player can guess higher or lower to predict the next roll
    -Player scores a point on a correct prediction


User Stories:
As a player, I want to...
1. click a start button so I can begin the game (1)
2. break the start button so I have a goal (2)
3. see arrows so I can know how to navigate (3)
4. click the maze arrow to see the maze (2)
5. drag the piece through the maze without touching the sides to complete the maze (5)
6. click the vault arrow to see the sliding puzzle (2)
7. click a sliding puzzle piece to move it to the open square (3)
8. get all the pieces to the right place to solve the sliding puzzle (2)
9. click the gambler arrow to see the guessing game (2)
10. see the dice roll results so I can make an informed guess (3)
11. click a higher button or lower button to guess what the next result will be (2)
12. see how many times I've guessed correctly in a row so I can know how I'm doing
13. guess correctly 3 times in a row to win the game
14. click the forest arrow to see the memory puzzle (2)
15. click a tile to reveal it (1)
16. match tiles to make progress (3)
17. match all the tiles to win (2)
18. assemble the pieces to complete the game (3)
19. see a text box to get an idea what to do next (3)
